LIMS Team 1 (Kshitij)

(Kshitij) How are you planning on implementing the server security for sample tracking as I feel that security will be an issue with such big databases. 

(Kshitij): Has the client informed you about what kind of cloud computing compatibility he is looking for?

Ethics Dashboard Team 2 (Kshitij)

(Kshtij) The project involves quite a lot of testing and do you think implementing CI/CD would improve the efficiency of the project?

(Kshitij) The information on Database wasn’t enough. Is it possible to talk about it a bit more like is it going to be a relational database and how are you planning on securing the personal information using sql as in what type of encryption are you thinking?

Ethics Dashboard Team 1 (Kshitij)

(Kshitij) There is no mention of security measures that will be taken to make sure that academic data of student will remain confidential. Are you planning on talking about it a bit more?

(Kshitij) For in house reporting are you guys gonna use premade software or you planning on building one from scratch? Because there are pretty good market solutions available that can be integrated.

WooWoo Team 2 (Kshitij) 

(Kshitij) Will any of the information being exchanged  between the healer and the user be recorded and if yes is there a specific amount of days you guys will save the information for?

(Kshitij) What kind of stack will be used for the search engine in specific as the part about the search engine wasn’t explained in depth?

WooWoo Team 1 (Kshitij)

(Kshitij) What steps are you going to ensure that the data of both the clients and healers are secure from breaches? In particular financial information and health records.

(Kshitij) Could you please elaborate more on the steps as the data didn’t seem sufficient enough to support the Data Flow Diagrams

LIMS Team 0 (Kshitij)
	
(Kshitij) The DFDs explanation should also be available on slides at least that what I think as it should be a part of documentation. Are you planning on adding more information about it later?

(Kshitij) Are you planning on using a different payment system as there are quite a lot available that offer better security?

WooWoo Team 0 (Kshitij)

(Kshitij) For the helper bot do you think google dialogflow would be a good software to integrate with the bot?

(Kshitij) “Building a Better Backend” seems like a very vague term to use. Are you planning to change the stack, improve security or something else?
